ID,Text,Comment
menu.uipreview,UI Builder preview
preview.bindito.start,I'm inside a district centre :D
preview.box.title,UI Previews
preview.stockpile.inventory.button,Stockpile button
fragment.example.button1,First button
fragment.example.button2,Another button
preview.buttons.buttons,Buttons
preview.buttons.arrows,Arrow buttons
preview.buttons.cycler,Cycler buttons
preview.buttons.speedcontrol,Speed control buttons
preview.buttons.ninesliced,Nine sliced buttons
preview.buttons.ninesliced.comment,These buttons can be used with any height & width without transformation
preview.buttons.iambutton,I am button
preview.customs.emptycircle,Empty circle button with a image inside
preview.customs.custombutton,Customized hover, active behaviour
preview.labels.previewtext,This is a preview text
preview.sliders.variants,Sliders
preview.sliders.floatslider,Float sliders
preview.sliders.intslider,Int sliders
preview.sliders.normal,Normal
preview.sliders.starting30,Starting value: 30
preview.sliders.starting10,Starting value: 10
preview.sliders.fixedwidth,Fixed width
preview.sliders.labeled,Labeled
preview.sliders.labeled.short,Label
preview.sliders.labeled.long,Label long
preview.sliders.labeled.superlong,Label super long
preview.sliders.progress,Progress text
preview.checkboxes.toggles,Toggles(checkboxes)
preview.checkboxes.text,We have text
preview.visualelements.wrap.wrap,Wrap: Wrap
preview.visualelements.wrap.wrapreverse,Wrap: WrapReverse
preview.visualelements.justify.start,Justify content: Start
preview.visualelements.justify.center,Justify content: Center
preview.visualelements.justify.end,Justify content: End
preview.visualelements.justify.around,Justify content: Around
preview.visualelements.justify.between,Justify content: Between
preview.listview.main,Main menu listview
preview.listview.multi,Main menu listview with multiple selects
preview.listview.color,Colorized listview
preview.listview.custom,Custom listview
preview.textfields.ingame,Normal ingame textfield
preview.textfields.ingame.multi,Normal ingame textfield multiple lines
preview.textfields.ingame.color,Custom color textfield
Entitylink.StartLinkingTitle,Entitylinker
Entitylink.StartLinkingTip,Pick an entity to link to the building.
Entitylink.StartLink,New Link
ExampleMod.ToolGroups.ExampleToolGroup,Example Label